Skellefteå	Sweden	skelleftea.jpg	wannadies.wav	A summer in Skellefteå can be all you want and more. You can stand close to the stage singing to your favorite artist or have white sand between your toes on one of our beaches by the sea, the hundreds of lakes or the rivers floating by the are.  Or do you rather prefer fishing or bycicling in the mountains? All of this is possible in Skellefteå!	The Wannadies - "This is my hometown"
Norrköping	Sweden	norrkoping.jpg	amydiamond.wav	The best time to visit Norrköping is in the summer. It is close to the sea and good shopping for thouse who are interested in that. If you want a adrenaline rush you should test the new roller coster ride Wildfire at the advwenture ark and zoo Kolmården. For those searching for a kick ass festival you should not miss Båvalla festival, one of the biggest festivals in Sweden.	Amy Diamond - "What´s in it for me"
Reykjavik	Iceland	iceland.jpg	djungelDrum.wav	With spectacular nature, exciting activities like horseridning, hiking or hot springs where you can bath Iceland is a place that you don´t want to miss. The capital of Iceland is Reykjavík and the town has a lot of cultural activities that you don´t want to miss, restaurants with fantastic and exotic food and a night life that you dont want to miss!	Emiliana Torrini - "Jungel Drum"
Krakow	Poland	krakow.jpg	w.wav	If you want to travel to a beautiful place where you can go to a lot of cultural places and visit cheap bars Kraków is the place for you. In the old town you will see beautiful buildnings and just a short ride from the town you can visit Auschwitz-Birkenau.	Ania Dabrowska - "W Glowie"
London	England	london.jpg	adele.wav	London has the best shopping, the best tourist attraction and the best nightlife. But if you want to experience different cultural things and a good afternoon tea it is no problem finding this aswell. Once you have been here once, you probably would like to go here again because it is cheap to go there and there is allways something new happening.	Adele - "Someone like you" 
